There isn't any particular crime that is committed relative related to
the profession. That, I would say needs to be watched for the things
that do need to be watched for our use of things like you could use
of alcohol, sexual abuse, hazing, which, in and of themselves, they're
not allowed. And some of those certainly would be classified as
crimes. But others are more like behaviors. Um, if there is any, uh,
any evidence that sexual abuse, assault harassment is going on, that
needs to be stopped immediately, and it needs to be elevated immediately
because the longer languishes the worst it's gonna be for everybody.
And the other part, it's not just about and this is more important,
it's not just about ensuring the command. Uh, the command record
is kept clean, but more important for the individual that's experiencing
that, Uh, because if someone, if one person is experiencing
that, then that means there's potential for more. And while it's
tragic that people do experience that type of thing once that happens,
there's not much you can do about other. Stop it immediately and
prevent it from happening again. Okay,